The novel will pretty much follow the story of the opening tutorial of fallout new vegas.
The game is set in a postapocalyptic america.
You awake in an amnesiac state at a doctors house in a town called goodsprings.
You are in the middle of the Mojave desert. A fabled city called New Vegas exists nearby.
The people in this new town call you Courier, they say a man took something from you.
You don't remember much but you feel obliged to help the people in this town with their problems before going on your way.

There are basically three possible endings to the novel

	1. the courier leaves goodsprings to the west and gets attacked by deathclaws.
	2. the courier leaves goodsprings to the east and gets attacked by gang.
	3. the courier stays in goodsprings to help fight the gang and fails semi-heroically
	4. the courier leaves goodsprings to the east, having already assisting the town 
	and avoiding further conflict. 


	The challenge that the protagonist must overcome is helping the town defeat the local gang
	There are multiple different objectives the protagonist can complete such as:
		Get Pete's dynamite
		Enlist ringo's assistance.
		Learn survival skills/ combat training from sonny
		Steal from doctors house
		Buy goods from the general store.
	None of these objectives by themselves will help the town defeat the gang.
	I am going to implement a counter to have the player meet 3/5 objectives before
	being able to defeat the gang.


	Doctor - the man who saved your life. You don't know much about him, he seems nice enough.
	Saved you from a gunshot wound and didn't ask for a penny. 

	Pete- Local old person, and maybe town drunk. Anyways you know one thing he has weird hobbies.

	Ringo- Something like local law enforcement? A Robot, a human trapped in a robot?
	IDK I wish this was the weirdest thing about this town.

	General Store Merchant- just a merchant. Very useful in the actual game just thought I'd include it

	Bartender- serves to give character information, also sonny's mother i think.

	Sunny- local survivalist, can train character in combat before having to fight the gang, or not.

The anticipated decision points for the novel:
	You wake up and talk to the doctor.
	
	a. take all his things and leave
	b. leave immediately.
	
	Then once outside you are confronted by ringo.
	He informs you somewhat of you past and calls you courier.
	He also tells you of the gang nearby the town.
	Maybe even tells you about some monsters.
	Then you have many decisions
	
	a. Go to Saloon
	b. Go to General Store
	c. Leave town to the east
	d. Leave town to the west
	(e. Go back to doc's house)
	
	No matter what the character does, if they leave town to the west, then they will perish to deathclaws.
	
	If the character leaves town to the east, they will only survive if they have completed 3/5 objectives.
	
	If the character goes to the saloon, which will unlock information/options to visit:
		Sonny,
		Get dynamite from pete,
		Enlist help from ringo.
	(Really the saloon is the only place the character needs to visit to succeed)
		From saloon:
			a'.  Talk to Sonny
			a''. Talk to Pete
			a. Go to General Store
			b. Go to doc's house
			c. Leave town to east
			d. Leave town to west
	
	If the character goes to the general store, and has already stolen from the doctor,
	They can get equipment from the store to help fight the gang.
		From general store:
			a. Go to Saloon
			b. Go to doc's house
			c. Leave town to the east
			d. Leave town to the west
	
	Talking to pete will simply give the character dynamite.
	They will remain in the saloon, and have one less option.
	
	Talking to sonny will take the character to 'kill' geckos or whatever
	They will return to the saloon shortly afterward.(With one less option) 
	
	Returning to the doc's house will allow the player to take all of his things again.
	If they have already done this the only thing they will be able to do upon returning to his house is talk to ringo.
	
	
	comments: Good game, good storyline, maybe try to use fallout style music if possible?
	Also maybe an option for using a stealth boy to 
	
	comments: Sounds well thought out, main thing is just making the aesthetic with the music and 
	visuals work wit the story
	
	I like the idea of having them complete x amount of the task and not having to do all 5 but may be having the certain task 
	be the ones that count towards that total so theres for sure one set way to get the best outcome.